[docs] Describe the `retry test pages` option (#5831)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/command-line-interface.md

*Related configuration file property*: [disableMultipleWindows](configuration-file.md#disablemultiplewindows).

### --retry-test-pages

> If this option is enabled, TestCafe registers a Service Worker that retries failed network requests for the starting test page. If a request does not succeed within ten retries, the test fails.

Reviewer: I propose another scheme for the feature description:
- what feature do
- what browser capabilities the feature requires

Also, there are two incorrect phrases:
* for the starting test page.
* If a request does not succeed within ten retries, the test fails

#### Another description
```js
If this option is enabled, TestCafe retries failed network requests for the visited/navigated HTML pages. 
The maximum retries is 10 times.

Since this feature uses [ServiceWorker](link to mdn) internally, it requires a secured connection. 
To run TestCafe over secure connection setup the [HTTPS] settings or use the [--hostname localhost>](#--hostname-name) option.

```

Reviewer 2: Yes, this way the main idea is cleare

*Related configuration file property*: [disableMultipleWindows](configuration-file.md#disablemultiplewindows).

### --retry-test-pages

> If this option is enabled, TestCafe retries failed network requests for webpages it navigates. The retry limit is ten times.

Reviewer 2: Can TestCafe "navigate the webpages"? Browsers can probably "navigate the Internet" (as in "navigate the seas") but can something "navigate the webpages"? Or does it "navigate **to** the webpages"?

For the `--client-scripts` option, we say "pages visited during the tests". Maybe we should use the same expression for both options? (Not necessarily "pages visited during the tests" if you can come up with a better one).

Author: `If this option is enabled, TestCafe retries failed network requests for webpages visited during tests.`

Do we need `internally` in the sentence below? Which one (do you think) is better:

`This feature uses Service Workers internally and requires a secure connection.`
vs
`This feature uses Service Workers  and requires a secure connection.`

Author: Do we need `internally` in the sentence below? Which one (do you think) is better:

`This feature uses Service Workers internally and requires a secure connection.`
vs
`This feature uses Service Workers  and requires a secure connection.`

> If this option is enabled, TestCafe retries failed network requests for webpages visited during tests. The retry limit is ten times.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this option is enabled, TestCafe retries failed network requests for webpages visited during tests. The retry function is limited to ten tries. 
```

Author: `function` can mislead because there is an [entity called `function` in JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions). Does this work:

If this option is enabled, TestCafe retries failed network requests for webpages visited during tests up to ten times.

Reviewer 3: the last option is best

```sh
testcafe firefox my-tests --retry-test-pages
```

> This feature uses [Service Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) internally and requires a secure connection.

Author: Do we need `internally` in this sentence? Which one (do you think) is better:

`This feature uses Service Workers internally and requires a secure connection.`
vs
`This feature uses Service Workers and requires a secure connection.`

Reviewer 3: skip internally

> This feature uses [Service Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) internally and requires a secure connection.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature uses [Service Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) and requires a secure connection.
```
